DOCS: How to build FreeCAD forked branches (#45)
FreeCAD/FreeCAD-snap: docs/index.md

# Install freecad snap from channel edge as 'freecad_edge'
$ sudo snap install freecad_edge --channel=edge
# run FreeCAD from this parallel install
$ freecad_edge
```

> ## Build snaps from FreeCAD clones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build snaps from FreeCAD branches or forks
```

> The ability build snaps from clones of the FreeCAD master linked to a certain branch is possible. This option is also open to outside users that can simply make a PR to trigger and re-trigger a build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to build snaps from any branch of fork of the FreeCAD repository. This option is also open to outside users that can simply make a PR to trigger and re-trigger a build.
```

> 1. Clone FreeCAD-snap repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the FreeCAD-snap repo.
```

1. Create a new branch to work on.
1. Open *[snap/snapcraft.yaml](./snap/snapcraft.yaml)* in a text editor
1. Locate the `freecad` block of the yaml file
1. Modify the `source:` variable to reflect the specific clone of FreeCAD master to build. Note: must end with `.git` extension.

> 1. Add a  `source-branch:` variable to indicate what specific branch of said clone to build.  In the **example below** is a before and after in which we're building a snap of user @WandererFan's `hlrThreadrc1` branch from his FreeCAD clone ([borrowed from actual example](https://github.com/FreeCAD/FreeCAD-snap/pull/44)):  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a  `source-branch:` variable to indicate what specific branch of said fork to build.  In the **example below** is a before and after in which we're building a snap of user @WandererFan's `hlrThreadrc1` branch from his FreeCAD clone ([borrowed from actual example](https://github.com/FreeCAD/FreeCAD-snap/pull/44)):  
```

    ```yaml
     freecad:
      plugin: cmake
      source: https://github.com/FreeCAD/FreeCAD.git
    ```
    ```yaml
      freecad:
       plugin: cmake
       source: https://github.com/WandererFan/FreeCAD.git
       source-branch: hlrThreadrc1
1. Save the `snap/snapcraft.yaml` changes to the branch and make Pull Request to FreeCAD-snap.

> 1. Assign the 'safe to publish' green tag to the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ask a maintainer to assign the 'safe to publish' green tag to the PR.
```
